Update README for legacy branch (#1858)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust: README.md

# Azure SDK for Rust

This repository is for the development of the [unofficial, unsupported](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust/blob/legacy/FAQ.md#why-is-it-unofficial) Azure SDK for Rust.

> > Microsoft is developing the official Azure SDK for Rust crates and has no plans to update this unofficial crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft is developing the official Azure SDK for Rust crates and has no plans to update these unofficial crates.
```

# Azure SDK for Rust

This repository is for the development of the [unofficial, unsupported](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust/blob/legacy/FAQ.md#why-is-it-unofficial) Azure SDK for Rust.

> Microsoft is developing the official Azure SDK for Rust crates and has no plans to update these unofficial crates.

> > In the future we may release an official version that may have a different package name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In the future we may release official versions that may have a different package names.
```

## Status

> 🚨 WARNING 🚨: This project is no longer under active development. Work on officially supported crates is being done in the `main` branch. Pull requests to `legacy` may be considered but are not guaranteed to be merged. Instead, you might consider forking this repository, creating a topic branch you'd need to submit a pull request anyway, and [override dependencies](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/overriding-dependencies.html) in your `Cargo.toml` file(s) as necessary.

Reviewer 2: I don't like suggesting they fork. I'd rather they migrate to the new crates

Author: That text is already above. I'm taking into account - much further below in this file - that they may not be *able* to, especially before they are ready. We could opt not to suggest something (and I intentionally do not go into too many details), but that may just lead to more issues being opened. If that's the case, we should consider a bot response.

Reviewer 2: Can we say please migrate to the new crates or open issues/PRs against main. Forking as a last resort .....

// @ronniegeraghty Any opinions on this wording?

Reviewer 2: > That text is already above. I'm taking into account - much further below in this file - that they may not be _able_ to, especially before they are ready. We could opt not to suggest something (and I intentionally do not go into too many details), but that may just lead to more issues being opened. If that's the case, we should consider a bot response.

Makes sense. I'm hoping to get issues so we learn who was using these crates and which ones we might want to prioritize

Reviewer: Maybe adding something like: "These crates should NEVER be used in a production setting."

Author: Too late. But at least for 1P, the "unsupported" should've implied that.
